README.md, before:

# Laravel Masked DB Dump

A database dumping package that allows you to replace and mask columns while dumping your database.

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump)

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump
```

## Documentation

The documentation can be found on [our website](https://beyondco.de/docs/laravel-masked-db-dump).

### Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

### Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email marcel@beyondco.de instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Marcel Pociot](https://github.com/mpociot)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

The package is ready for compatibility with Laravel version 6. Added info in readme

README.md, after:

# Laravel Masked DB Dump

*NOTE: Build based on original package (https://github.com/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump) for compatibility with Laravel version 6.
Changes from the original package (adaptation for Laravel version 6): doctrine/dbal - only version ^2.0 + illuminate/console^6.0 + illuminate/support^6.0, fakerphp/faker^1.9.1 (original package - fakerphp/faker^1.13).*

A database dumping package that allows you to replace and mask columns while dumping your database.

[![Latest Version on Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump)

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

```bash
composer require beyondcode/laravel-masked-db-dump
```

## Documentation

The documentation can be found on [our website](https://beyondco.de/docs/laravel-masked-db-dump).

### Changelog

Please see [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for more information on what has changed recently.

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

### Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email marcel@beyondco.de instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Marcel Pociot](https://github.com/mpociot)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
